/*
Eliminar Residential and Commercial services, change to Our Services.

Retirar: 
Number of Windows.
Highest Floor


Required Informations like it is already.




Modificar: Company(If Applicable)
Services required: Add Something else in case Sam wants to do it.
In case the user selects Something else, Its required to leave a message.
Drop down to Message box when user selects Something else.
Logo em direcao as perguntas do Contact, sendo que ela precisa estar posicionado horizontalmente(Sem text)

Services gotta be a dropdown only.
Header and SectionBottom Logo should be animate-pulse, 1 pulse only then stop in the position.

*/

Exterior house washing:

We ensure the cleanliness of your home exterior by removing moss, mold, mildew, dirt, grime, soot or other undesireable aspects. We do this with or without chemical products and with a pressure-washer machine.
Our chemicals ensure the longlasting aspect of your exterior by preventing the come-back of organic material for many more months than it would without.


Driveway and sideways cleaning: 

By removing moss, mold, mildew, dirt, grime, soot and other undesireable aspects by the use of chemicals and a pressure-washer, we guanrantee a new and fresh look to your driveway/sideways.


Garage washing:

With the use of chemicals and a pressure washer where necessary, we remove oil stains and any other undesireable aspects of your garage, making it look anew.


Decks and fences cleaning:

Wether wooden, brick or stone, we ensure cleanliness of your decks and fences by either hand-cleaning or pressure-washing, with or without product, making sure delicate materials do not get damaged.


Grafitti removal:

With the use of product and a pressure washer we can easily rid your spaces of unwanted grafitti.


Non-lead Paint stripping:

We can strip the paint of any non-lead paint painted surface, to include wood, metal, brick, and plaster. We do this process by hand if necessary, to ensure delicate surfaces do not get damaged.


Bins cleaning:

With the use of products and a pressure-washer machine, we clean residential and industrial bins.


Pavement cleaning:

By removing moss, mold, mildew, dirt, grime, soot and other undesireable aspects by the use of chemicals and a pressure-washer, we guanrantee a new and fresh look to your pavement.


Exterior communal space cleaning:

We offer a general cleaning of any exterior communal spaces with or without products and machinery.


Brick cleaning:

Depending on the situation we might handle this by hand or with machinery to ensure no damages to your brick surface.


Petrol station cleaning:

We use commercial grade products and a pressure-washer to get rid of oil stains and ensure top quality cleaning of petrol stations.


Gum removal:

We easily remove chewing gum off of any surface with the use of machinery.


Quote, IF applicable for COmmpany

Other
"barra de texto para a pessoa escrever o que for interesse em questao de regularidade."

Size cant allow letters, just numbers.